tidb: document analyze v1 removal (#22655)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-show-analyze-status.md

## Examples

> **Note:**
>

> > Statistics Version 1 (`tidb_analyze_version = 1`) is no longer supported for new statistics collection. The following example shows the current `ANALYZE` behavior with Statistics Version 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting from v9.0.0, TiDB no longer support using Statistics Version 1 (`tidb_analyze_version = 1`) for new statistics collection. The following example shows the current `ANALYZE` behavior with Statistics Version 2.
```

> > Starting from v9.0.0, TiDB no longer support using Statistics Version 1 (`tidb_analyze_version = 1`) for new statistics collection. The following example shows the current `ANALYZE` behavior with Statistics Version 2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Starting from v9.0.0, TiDB no longer supports using Statistics Version 1 (`tidb_analyze_version = 1`) for new statistics collection. The following example shows the `ANALYZE` behavior with Statistics Version 2.
```
